speaking of baseball the Dodgers are in
the World Series are you interested in
that are you watching the okay yeah did
magic invite you Maddox the owner of the
team didn't invite you to the game yeah
it's been inviting me for a while
when you go I will go this series if you
do go is this a situation where you
might go into the locker room and talk
to the guys
maybe hand them copies of the book gonna
help bring World Series LA man I'll do
it yeah I went through the book boy it's
I I was just planning they're kind of
like flip through it before he came on
and I got really invested in it it's
good because you go through well first
of all you're a lunatic I mean you know
you always hear about your preparation
and all these things you do but there
when you read the specifics it's like oh
my god this is a mental patient
[Applause]
you're aware of that were you always
aware of I am self aware of my lunacy
yeah you go through well one of the
things being a magic that I thought was
very interesting is that you only played
with magic once one time when Tom in a
practice I was it how did that go he
called every single foul even the ones
that weren't there we score is 10 to 6
no it's not it's 10 to 9 I'm like wait
are you still are you still reaching out
to I know you would reach out to people
that you admired people that you felt
like were the best in their field are
you still talking to people calling them
and asking them questions all the time
yeah all the time and is there anyone
like recently that we would be surprised
to learn that you call surprised maybe
not maybe not surprised but you know I
recently I've been spending a lot of
time with Debbie Allen really with
Debbie Allen are you learning to dance
well
dancing is part of my actually share
that oh yes there is a that is
interesting yeah in order to protect and
correct me if I have anything wrong in
order to protect your ankles you learned
to tap dance I did why didn't we know
this
well kept secret for obvious reasons
do they make tap shoes in your size I do
get amazed you had to get a mane how to
get him I can't go to this like a storm
like yeah I'll take those size 14s no
yeah you can't you can't really call
Nike and say hey guys have tap shoes no
are you an accomplished tapper do you
know how to tap you or not no but one
summer for a year there yeah yeah really
I could like tell my feet to do this and
they would actually do that right and
you don't ever do it anymore uh no I
don't I don't
my first class doll walked into the
studio and uh it's always like six year
old really straight up man studio Santa
Monica and these kids are looking at me
like no wow this is yeah and you never
do it you want to do a little tap
go go go
we'll get a giant pair of tap shoes if
you liked that video then put a ring on
it click the subscribe button below
uh oh